no everyday and just this video to show
my pram that I showed in my very first
video and I got a request Bernadette
from Lydia Felix to see it again and I
brought a pram set of her but the
weather of in the UK has been pretty bad
it's a beautiful day today we've had
certain couple of beautiful days this
way yesterday wasn't so nice not in the
area that I lived and my back there
about parts of England and the rest of
the weekend supposed to be a beautiful
weekend
I might have my Barbie looks lots of
augmented a trying to get the clip
quests to reseed itself from Benji using
is a landslide skating on it and if snow
as well yeah anyway
I brought the problem down it's a really
heavy pram as you can see it's got the
big wheels and the basket at the bottom
and then like the whisk with a basket
basket it's very heavy so obviously
we've got to have I had me fry why
they've just completely collapse and I
was looking on ebay just happened to say
this pram on there just before I started
doing my videos and it was collection
only and luckily enough I mean it's
about two hours away we were going to
the place where I bought this so it
didn't sell I'm contact with the people
that were selling it and last Akaka pay
so much over the eight weeks and then
pick it up and when we came we went down
said and they agree so that's how I
liked it I mean these these prams
burrito around
900 pounds and the lady she's got four
little boys and this her last child she
had another little girl and that's why
she got this plan and she says that you
baby wasn't it for very long and that
you know really she wishes she hadn't
bought it because she was getting
nowhere near what she paid for it
and I can understand what you're saying
I mean she wasn't having any more
children and this is an all-girl pram I
mean when I get my little boy I come for
my poor boy in it you can get it in the
blow with all the Blue Ribbon going
around it with all the Blue Ribbon going
around it and all the bluing in its blue
inside then again you've got to just
have the boy there's a lot of money to
pay for or one child annie is their
lovely pump on the so if you for going
on country walks I know this song
acrosses are a lot lot more money but at
least you can put a boy or a girl in
them
not sure but I think you can get it in
just cream and I five ever brought one
problem like this I would devour just
like any more neutral color so it can be
either a boy or a girl just so yeah it's
got like that all the pink ribbon around
as you can see you can buy it with all
without the ribbon and you know I think
we pay quite a little extra to have them
move it all threaded around and I'll
take you to see what it's like inside
like that's
around the holdest got the pink with the
dots
my son's decides to put his music on
he's not well he's not at school today
shouldn't know the size I should I use
not well but he's isn't the music
there's got a little paint you can see
like little dots on it and that inside
inside it's a sign all the way inside
this is an all-girl pram and this is the
set that I got off Lydia to go into it I
don't know how are you saying that I got
this off baby la just had a bad night
and she's just been fed and put her in a
pram and now she's gone to sleep and
she's all with quite a breeze here I'll
show ya quite quite breezy it's a warm
breeze for an adult but friend of today
they need quite chilly at this beautiful
set so baby Elly's fast asleep you
darling
and hopefully she'll stay there until I
finish my housework so this is the pram
right aren't I going to say it from the
distance and there's a pram thank you if
every other day and have a lovely
weekend bye